Text is clipped: "link to a full version" (#2200)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/zoom-text-no-overflow-clipping-59br37.md

#### Passed Example 2

> This [text node][] is [horizontally clipped][] using `text-overflow: ellipsis` at a [viewport size][] of 640 by 512. A link to a full version of the poem is also provided.  Strictly speaking, the link to a full version is not necessary to pass the rule.  This example passes the rule because its `white-space: nowrap` and `text-overflow: ellipsis` cause it to pass Expectation 1.  The link to a full version _is_ necessary to pass the success criterion.

Reviewer: This seems a little verbose. How about something like this:

```suggestion
This [text node][] is [horizontally clipped][] using `text-overflow: ellipsis` at a [viewport size][] of 640 by 512. This fulfills expectation 1. A link to a full version of the poem is also provided. The link to the full version is not required by this rule, but is necessary to satisfy [success criterion 1.4.4 Resize text][sc144].```
